docs: add a warning related to pods/ephemeralcontainers in VAPs (#1239)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/writing-policies/validate.md

Since Kubernetes ValidatingAdmissionPolicies are cluster-scoped resources, ClusterPolicies can only be used to generate them.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

> When Kyverno policies match 'pods', the generated ValidatingAdmissionPolicy will match both 'pods' and 'pods/ephemeralcontainers'. This occurs because Kyverno inherently includes 'pods/ephemeralcontainers' by default in the corresponding validatingwebhookconfiguration, and we require analogous behavior for the ValidatingAdmissionPolicies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Kyverno policy matches solely on Pods, the generated ValidatingAdmissionPolicy will match both `pods` and `pods/ephemeralcontainers`. This occurs because Kyverno inherently includes `pods/ephemeralcontainers` by default in the corresponding ValidatingWebhookConfiguration, and we require analogous behavior for the ValidatingAdmissionPolicies.
```
